Playwright test for ReefKnot (#203)
lidofinance/reef-knot: playwright-tests/README.md

# <img src="logo.svg" alt='Reef Knot logo' height='45' align='top'/> Reef-Knot. Playwright test 

## ❖ Installation
1. Install dependencies from `/plyawright-tests` folder
```
yarn && yarn playwright install chromium
```

> 1. Fill the `.env` with `.env.example` in the `/playwright-tests` folder

Author: Thank you, fixed

> ## ❖ How to run tests from deployed stand?
> 1. Set up the `.env` variable: `STAND_TYPE=stand`
> 2. Run command from `/plyawright-tests` folder: `yarn test:reef-knot`
> 
> ## ❖ How to run tests from localhost?
> 1. Run `reef-knot` stand on the localhost
> 2. Check the localhost link in the `/playwright-tests/config/env.config.ts` => `STAND_LINK.localhost` (_default value is http://localhost:3000_)
> 3. Set up the `.env` variable: `STAND_TYPE=localhost`
> 4. Run command from `/plyawright-tests` folder: `yarn test:reef-knot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ❖ How to run tests on a Deployed Stand
1. Set up the `.env` variable: `STAND_TYPE=stand`
2. Navigate to the `/playwright-tests` folder and run: `yarn test:reef-knot`

## ❖ How to run tests on Localhost
1. Start the `reef-knot` demo app on your local machine: `yarn run dev`
2. Verify the localhost link in `/playwright-tests/config/env.config.ts`, see the `STAND_LINK.localhost` property (_default value is http://localhost:3000_)
3. Set the `.env` variable: `STAND_TYPE=localhost`
4. Navigate to the `/playwright-tests` directory and run: `yarn test:reef-knot`
```

Author: Thank you, fixed
